Adding support for Gergo (#4792)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/gergo/readme.md

# Gergo

![Gergo](https://cdn.pbrd.co/images/HVglSWD.jpg)

A compact 50% (14x4) Split Keyboard compatible with i2c modules and a trackball. 

[More info on qmk.fm](http://qmk.fm/gergo/)

Keyboard Maintainer: [Jeremy Bernhardt](https://github.com/germ)  
Hardware Supported: Gergo (Kit, Partial, Ready)   
Hardware Availability: [gboards.ca](http://gboards.ca)  

> ##Firmware building

Reviewer: Need a space after the hash signs to create a new heading.

```suggestion
## Firmware building
```

After cloning the QMK repo and installing dfu-programmer build and flash with. Be sure to reset your keyboard!

    make gergo:germ:dfu

To just test your build with the default keymap
   
    make gergo:germ

> Gadgets and options can be enabled/disabled in keyboards/gergo/layouts/default/rules.mk . Copy the default directory and make any changes to your layout, if you think they're worth sharing submit a PR!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gadgets and options can be enabled/disabled in keyboards/gergo/keymaps/default/rules.mk . Copy the default directory and make any changes to your keymap, if you think they're worth sharing submit a PR!
```
